Readme.md, before:

# Ethos

As the scorching sun abates, the fun at Ahmedabad University just begins with ETHOS! From events that bring out your inner Shashi Tharoor to workshops that bring out your inner detective to a spectacular celebrity evening, a city-wide Marathon, a cultural night and a lot more, ETHOS will keep you wanting more. It is more than a fest, it is an opportunity in disguise. An opportunity you definitely cannot let go of, for you might as well let go of an action-packed, adventurous, and spellbinding experience. And oh, did we talk about the hefty prizes? Now the question is, are you ready to grab this opportunity and have the best days of your University life?

ETHOS, by the School of Arts and Sciences, Ahmedabad University, is a student festival designed to engage, experience, and contribute to the values of the School of Arts and Sciences. The fest wholeheartedly embodies the interdisciplinary spirit of Ahmedabad University by organizing intellectual events, hands-on workshops, and collaborative and action-packed events followed by cultural celebrations to promote the intersection of science and culture, learning and fun. It brings together students from all across the country on a platform to compete, collaborate, and re-create Ahmedabad University's multidisciplinary ethos.

The year 2022 is the beginning of the legacy of ETHOS, and we expect huge numbers to be a part of it and witness the making of a youth community that facilitates collaborative innovation and leadership among students by engaging them in multidisciplinary learning and brewing the most fascinating fest that this year has yet to see. These three days of ETHOS are meant to cast a spell on you that will not only keep you wanting more, but also give you a lifetime's worth of experiences, knowledge, and bonds.

## About the Website

### Tech Stack

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

### Todo

- Ethos Jalsa:
  - Content update - to be received
- fast-and-curious
  - Poster not in folder
-

Commit message:

Update: Prose and Pros updated

Readme.md, after:

# Ethos

As the scorching sun abates, the fun at Ahmedabad University just begins with ETHOS! From events that bring out your inner Shashi Tharoor to workshops that bring out your inner detective to a spectacular celebrity evening, a city-wide Marathon, a cultural night and a lot more, ETHOS will keep you wanting more. It is more than a fest, it is an opportunity in disguise. An opportunity you definitely cannot let go of, for you might as well let go of an action-packed, adventurous, and spellbinding experience. And oh, did we talk about the hefty prizes? Now the question is, are you ready to grab this opportunity and have the best days of your University life?

ETHOS, by the School of Arts and Sciences, Ahmedabad University, is a student festival designed to engage, experience, and contribute to the values of the School of Arts and Sciences. The fest wholeheartedly embodies the interdisciplinary spirit of Ahmedabad University by organizing intellectual events, hands-on workshops, and collaborative and action-packed events followed by cultural celebrations to promote the intersection of science and culture, learning and fun. It brings together students from all across the country on a platform to compete, collaborate, and re-create Ahmedabad University's multidisciplinary ethos.

The year 2022 is the beginning of the legacy of ETHOS, and we expect huge numbers to be a part of it and witness the making of a youth community that facilitates collaborative innovation and leadership among students by engaging them in multidisciplinary learning and brewing the most fascinating fest that this year has yet to see. These three days of ETHOS are meant to cast a spell on you that will not only keep you wanting more, but also give you a lifetime's worth of experiences, knowledge, and bonds.

## About the Website

### Tech Stack

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

### Todo

- Ethos Jalsa:
  - Content update - to be received
- fast-and-curious
  - Poster not in folder
- Instagram and form link to be updated everywhere
- Svgs not showing qr codes
- Footer Content Needs to be updated everywhere
